Add initial version of the FAQ (#1908)
itchysats/itchysats: FAQ.md

# FAQ - Frequently Asked Questions

> <!-- markdown-toc start - Don't edit this section. Run M-x markdown-toc-refresh-toc -->

Reviewer: 😅

Author: 😶‍🌫️ this is auto-generated, can be removed if proven to be cumbersome. Happy to keep maintaining the TOCs :)

**Table of Contents**

- [FAQ - Frequently Asked Questions](#faq---frequently-asked-questions)
  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Trading](#trading)
  - [Wallet](#wallet)

>   - [Contact us](#contact-us)

Reviewer 2: GitHub has a built-in ToC:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5486389/165453356-994a2a9b-3c86-4d92-8cbd-2c7b7a548e34.png)

Author: WAAAAAT! I was not aware of that! The one at the top still provides value IMHO, as it is more discoverable (shows the contents straight away)

<!-- markdown-toc end -->

## Installation

> Q: Do I need to use Umbrel to use Itchysats?

Reviewer 3: 🙃 

A little nitpicky, but I see "Itchysats", "ItchySats" and "itchysats" being used in this document.

Author: looking at other public stuff, like Twitter etc, I will unify it to "ItchySats" if you don't mind.

Reviewer 4: We agreed on `ItchySats` at some point, but it might not be consistent in all our communication.

Reviewer 3: I will make sure I use that too, because I have not been consistent.

> A: Not at all! While [Umbrel](https://getumbrel.com) is a convenient way to use ItchySats (one-click install from Umbrel App Store), it is possible to try out itchysats with one of the following methods:

Reviewer 3: 🔧

```suggestion
A: Not at all! While [Umbrel](https://getumbrel.com) is a convenient way to use ItchySats (one-click install from the Umbrel App Store), it is possible to try out itchysats with one of the following methods:
```

> A: Not at all! While [Umbrel](https://getumbrel.com) is a convenient way to use ItchySats (one-click install from the Umbrel App Store), it is possible to try out itchysats with one of the following methods:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
A: Not at all - but we recommend it for non-tech-savvy users! While [Umbrel](https://getumbrel.com) is a convenient way to use ItchySats (one-click install from the Umbrel App Store), it is possible to try out itchysats with one of the following methods:
```

Author: I would say that docker/binary is on-par, especially recently. We mention Umbrel is convenient, but at the same I would argue that we don't want to make it unnecessarily hard to try it out (e.g. having a spare RPi at home, when the pandemic wiped the stores clean).

> - download itchysats taker binary straight from [github releases page](https://github.com/itchysats/itchysats/releases).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- download the itchysats taker binary straight from [github releases page](https://github.com/itchysats/itchysats/releases).
```

> - download the itchysats taker binary straight from [github releases page](https://github.com/itchysats/itchysats/releases).

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
- download the latest itchysats taker binary straight from [github](https://github.com/itchysats/itchysats/releases/latest).
```

Reviewer 4: I don't feel strong about that one, can also show them the complete `release` page. GitHub automatically resolves `latest` to the latest release...

Author: I like that!

> - use official Itchysats [Docker container](https://github.com/itchysats/itchysats/pkgs/container/itchysats%2Ftaker)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- use the official Itchysats [Docker container](https://github.com/itchysats/itchysats/pkgs/container/itchysats%2Ftaker)
```

Q: I see a lot of binaries, which one should I choose?

> A: As an end-user, you might want to use `taker` application, as this allows to take CFD. `maker` is targeted towards market-makers who want to offer CFDs. The flavour of the application depends on the operating systems you use - we currently provide binaries for linux (x64 and ARM) and Darwin/macOS (Intel-based).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
A: As an end-user, you might want to use the `taker` application, as this allows to open CFDs against the automated Itchysats maker. The `maker` binary is targeted towards market-makers who want to offer CFDs. The flavour of the application depends on the operating system you use - we currently provide binaries for linux (x64 and ARM) and Darwin/macOS (Intel-based).
```

Author: I took the suggestion, but dropped the word "automated", as it's irrelevant for the end-users.

> A: As an end-user, you might want to use `taker` application, as this allows to take CFD. `maker` is targeted towards market-makers who want to offer CFDs. The flavour of the application depends on the operating systems you use - we currently provide binaries for linux (x64 and ARM) and Darwin/macOS (Intel-based).

Reviewer 4: Maybe add a sentence that running a market maker is not officially supported yet, but will be in the future.

Q: Do you support Windows?

> A: Whilst we do not build Windows binaries directly, you should still be able to use official itchysats Docker container.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
A: Whilst we do not build Windows binaries directly, you should still be able to use the official itchysats Docker container.
```

## Trading

Q: How long does a CFD last?

> A: CFDs opened on ItchySats expire after 24h, however every hour the contract is automatically extended for another hour.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
A: CFDs opened on ItchySats expire after 24h, however every hour the contract is automatically extended for another hour. This means you have a perpetual CFD that stays open until you decide to close it.
```

Reviewer 4: Mentioning the `perpetual` here will help with the next question - perpetual comes out of nowhere there :)

Q: Do I need to keep the app running to have perpetual CFDs?

> A: It is recommended to have the app running in the background when the user has open CFDs in order to automatically extend their lifetime.

Reviewer 4: You switch between "you" and "the user" sometimes. I would always say "you".

```suggestion
A: It is recommended to have the app running in the background when you have open CFDs in order to automatically extend their lifetime.
```

## Wallet

Q: Can I use my existing wallet / umbrel wallet?

> A: Not yet. We've got it on our roadmap, for the time being the app has its own inbuilt wallet into which you can transfer funds. It is available in the "Wallet" tab.

Reviewer: learned a new word today: `inbuilt`  :)

> A: Not yet. We've got it on our roadmap, for the time being the app has its own inbuilt wallet into which you can transfer funds. It is available in the "Wallet" tab.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
A: Not yet. We've got it on our roadmap, but for the time being the app has its own inbuilt wallet into which you can transfer funds. It is available in the "Wallet" tab.
```

> A: Not yet. We've got it on our roadmap, but for the time being the app has its own inbuilt wallet into which you can transfer funds. It is available in the "Wallet" tab.

Reviewer 4: I would add:

On Umbrel the wallet is derived from the Umbrel app-seed, so you don't need to backup anything in addition. Binary and docker containers users should backup the `taker_seed` file that is used to derive the wallet.

Author: I will add a separate question "How to backup my ItchySats wallet?" and put that as a response. This is indeed incredibly useful.

Q: Where is the wallet tab? I can't find the wallet!
A: The wallet tab can be found after clicking the hamburger menu in the top left corner of the app.

## Contact us

> In case none of the above questions matches the problem you're having, please fool free to reach out to us via one of the following methods:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In case none of the above questions matches the problem you're having, please feel free to reach out to us via one of the following channels:
```

> In case none of the above questions matches the problem you're having, please feel free to reach out to us via one of the following channels:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In case none of the above questions match the problem you're having, please feel free to reach out to us via one of the following channels:
```
